chore(docs): fixing wrong desciption for `pg.worker.count` (#1068)
questdb/questdb.io: docs/reference/configuration.md

| pg.send.buffer.size              | 1M           | Size of the buffer for sending data.                                                                                                                                                              |
| pg.date.locale                   | en           | The locale to handle date types.                                                                                                                                                                  |
| pg.timestamp.locale              | en           | The locale to handle timestamp types.                                                                                                                                                             |

> | pg.worker.count                  | 0            | Number of dedicated worker threads assigned to handle PGWire queries. When `0`, the writer jobs will use the shared pool.                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pg.worker.count                  | 0            | Number of dedicated worker threads assigned to handle PG Wire queries. When `0`, the jobs will use the shared pool.                                                                                    |
```

Author: We use PGWire - https://questdb.io/blog/2022/05/09/questdb-release-6-3/#read-only-mode-for-pgwire-protocol
Let me confirm the usage.

Author: Brief discussion with @pswu11 --> I am going to use PGWire; change the other case on this page. I have deleted "writer" in line 445.

Reviewer: Could you also update Prometheus page in this PR?

Author: Piggy-bag to https://github.com/questdb/questdb.io/pull/1067 :)
